c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\OneChess.exe
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\OneChess.pdb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.exe
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.pdb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Back.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Frame.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\porcent.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Shelf_0.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Shelf_1.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Turco.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Mouse\pick0.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Mouse\pick1.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\Bishop.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\Horse.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\King.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\Pawn.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\Queen.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tokens\Tower.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fporcent.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\bin\x86\Debug\Content\val.xnb
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.Manager.resources
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.New_Game.resources
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.Options.resources
c:\users\schleirmacher\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OneChess\OneChess\OneChess\obj\x86\Debug\OneChess.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
